README.md, before:

#&#120587;seis

&#120587;Seis: People Says, *what people around the world is saying about something... you've got it.*

##Issues

[![Stories ready to be worked on](https://badge.waffle.io/barriosnahuel/piseis.png?label=ready&title=Ready)](https://waffle.io/barriosnahuel/piseis) [![Stories in progress](https://badge.waffle.io/barriosnahuel/piseis.png?label=in progress&title=In Progress)](https://waffle.io/barriosnahuel/piseis)

##License

    PiSeis - What people around the world is saying, you've got it.
    Copyright (C) 2013 Nahuel Barrios <barrios.nahuel@gmail.com>.

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

Add repo usage section to README.

README.md, after:

#&#120587;seis

&#120587;Seis: People Says, *what people around the world is saying about something... you've got it.*

##Issues

[![Stories ready to be worked on](https://badge.waffle.io/barriosnahuel/piseis.png?label=ready&title=Ready)](https://waffle.io/barriosnahuel/piseis) [![Stories in progress](https://badge.waffle.io/barriosnahuel/piseis.png?label=in progress&title=In Progress)](https://waffle.io/barriosnahuel/piseis)

##Repo usage
*Do not clone or push to* **master** *branch.*

Create branch or fork from **develop**, then push or create pull requests (if you don't have access) to that branch.

The repo uses [this branching model](http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/).

##License

    PiSeis - What people around the world is saying, you've got it.
    Copyright (C) 2013 Nahuel Barrios <barrios.nahuel@gmail.com>.

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
